[January]
A: I’m so glad this time worked out for you. 
A: Are you normally free in the middle of the day? 
M: I had to get some stuff done so I took the morning off. 
A: Your hair looks really cute right now
A: Did you get a haircut? 
M: I cut my hair myself actually. 
M: I don’t think anyone’s ever complimented my hair before.
A: They were probably distracted by the rest of you. 
[flirty-kiss]
M: I can taste the cinnamon in your coffee! 
M: I hate it!
[laughing]
A: You hate cinnamon!
M: Love the smell hate the taste
A: Well then I have somewhere to take you. Have you been to Mahaks? 
M: No.
A: Their cinnamon bread is heavenly. You can smell it from down the block. 
A: Would you like to go there with me? It’s on the waterfront 
M: Today? I can’t, I have to get back to work. 
A: Next time?
M: You want the next time you see me to be smelling bread? 
A: I like connecting smells to feelings. 
A: You seem like a cinnamon type of feeling to me.
M: And what’s that? You hate it? 
A: You think it’s dumb. 
M: Only a little.
[longer-pause]
M: A true sagittarius. 
A: Am I a sagittarius? I don’t look at that stuff


[April-EDITME]
[first-message]
A: Why did you get an implant?
M: I had seen pamphlets for Scepters at the doctor's office for a while.
A: Was the operation scary.
M: They didn’t cut anything to install it.
M: I wasn’t even unconscious.
A: But they only activate when you’re dead.
M: No one would get murdered if everyone had one.
M: It's just responsible like getting vaccinated.
A: I didn’t take you for the kind of girl to put a microphone in your head.
A: Why would you sacrifice privacy when the only reward comes after you’re dead.
M: I don’t feel like I’m sacrificing anything. 
A: Someone could hack your Scepter.
A: You realize you can reconstruct personality data from archives? 
M: What is personality data? I LOVE YOU
M: You mean like the thing advertisers steal? 
A: Personality data is everything. 
A: Scepters report data on all crimes not just the murder.
M: But why is that bad?
A: What if someone you care about did something bad.
M: Scepter isn’t some police state bullshit.
M: They aren’t going to lock up my uncle for not paying his taxes. 
A: What if they did something unforgivable.
M: I don’t know anyone like that. 
M: Alice you’re being ridiculous. 
A: You don’t always know everything about those you love.




[May]
[defcon-suspicion]
M: Ooh! I had a funny conversation today. 
A: I would love to hear something funny after six hours of pipetting
[opens-beer]
M: Michelle was being a bitch again so me and some of the others writers got lunch together at The Bean.
[...] 
M: And I mentioned that my girlfriend had competed at defcon. 
M: He didn’t believe me. He said that only really talented hackers compete at defcon. 
A: Maybe I am a really talented hacker.
M: That’s funny. 
A: What would you think about that. If I was a hacker.
M: I think that would be cool I guess. I don’t know much about computers. 
M: I think you’re already more than smart enough for me. 
[...]
M: He did say one thing that was strange though.
M: He looked up the list of defcon contestants from two years ago and he didn’t see anyone named Alice. 
A: You know I don’t like lying.
---
[June]
[an-old-impossible-friend]
M: Who was that?
A: An old friend.
M: You’re not usually huggy like that. That was a long hug. 
A: You don’t need to be jealous. 
M: You’re acting weird. Where do you know him from?
A: From back home. I’m not really looking for old friends.
M: He looked really friendly to me.
A: If you like ex-cons.
M: What? What did he go to prison for?
A: Robbery and stuff. I don’t want to get into it
M: Are you sure you’re okay? 
M: You’re not holding my hand. You only do that when you’re upset.
A:  I’m fine. I’ll hold your hand.
---
[July]
[divorce]
A: Hey Mira. Come back to bed
M: No I’m okay here. I have stuff to do. 
A: What are you looking at?
A: Do you want to talk about it.
M: Do you want to hear me bitch about Michelle again?
M: She doesn’t like the way that new pamphlet looks. 
A: You shouldn’t be working like this.
M: I can’t sleep. 
A: It’s 5. Come downstairs with me I’ll make coffee. 
M: I feel like I should go on a run. 
A: You can’t run from their divorce Mira. 
M: Alice!
A: It happened! I’m sorry it happened.
M: What do you want me to do? 
M: Sit here have coffee and pretend I’m not thinking about it? 
M: Or talk about how I wonder if any relationship could last. 
A: We’re not your parents.
M: Clearly we’re not my fucking homophobic parents. Yes. 
M: Thank you for reminding me. 
A: I don’t think they ever loved each other like I love you.
M: Alice. 
A: Well it’ true. They were fine together I guess.
A: But sometimes fine isn’t enough.
M: You only met my parents once. 
A: Pretending to be your old college roommate, how could I forget. 
A: A lovely little exercise in improv. 
M: I know you don’t like lying.
A: At least I don’t have to hide my girlfriend from my parents. 
A: I’m sorry about your parents.
[hug-snuggle]
M: Me too. 
M: I’m just worried about having to talk to my brothers again. 
A: Put your laptop away.
M: Okay. Yeah. Michelle can figure it out herself.
---
[August]
[family-plans?]
A: You look as hot as the beach sand.
M: That is so cheesy. No!
A: I’ll make you melt like cheese.
M: I said no!
A: I’m trying to express how I feel about you.
M: You’re full of dad jokes? 
A: Bad jokes run in the family.
M: Does your sister make dad jokes too?
A: No, she was always more like mom.
A: Mom and my sister kept me and my dad out of trouble.
M: You did not get into trouble. You’re too sweet! 
A: I’ve gotten into more trouble than you can imagine.
M: Maybe you should let me meet your family. 
M: You never go home to see your family. 
A: There are people back home who I can’t be around.
A: I have everything I need here, with you.
---
[September?]
[theming] 
M: Hey so you know that old college friend I ran into at the grocery store yesterday? 
A: Allen? Or do you mean that blonde guy? 
M: No it was Allen. 
A: Is he in town? 
A: I thought he took that job in Utah
M: I did too. That would have been nice for me 
[laughter]
M: Well anyways we started talking. And met up for lunch today. 
M: He started telling me about this thing he’s trying to start.
M: He’s trying to generate digital photobooks from people’s archives.  
A: That’s really cool!
A: Could he do one of us? That would be pretty cute. 
M: That would be really cute. You’re pretty cute. 
M: Hey! What’s that for!
A: For being so cheesy!
M: As I was saying. He was talking about using people’s personality data to generate albums with stories
M: And he asked me if we wanted to be a tester for it
A: You don’t look happy about it
M: I said no. I’m not comfortable with it. 
A: You realize you can reconstruct personality data from your archives right? 
A: There are so many soulless drones in so many corporations who have access to that. 
A: Who already have enough of your information to construct a decent replica. 
M: I’m still uncomfortable with it. Just handing it over. 
A: Do you not trust Allen?
M: I said I’m not comfortable with it it’s not about Allen.
A: And? 
A: I don’t know why you brought it up then [...]
M: I won’t next time.
A: Fine.
---
[October]
[birthday] 
A: We need to get triple sec as well.
A: It’s not going to taste right otherwise. 
M: Why not just shots and beer? It doesn’t need to be fancy.
A: I mean I wanted to do something nice for you babe. 
A: Plus people are going to be coming a long way for your birthday. 
A: We should at least try to impress them. 
M: You’re the one that insisted on making the guest list so long. Not me. 
M: You’ve always been better at planning these things.
A: You need to trust me more, it will be fun. 
M: How much is the triple sec?
A: Would you relax? It’s my present to you I’ll buy. 
---
[September]
[birthday] 
M: Why did you even invite Ben anyways?
A: We’re friends with Ben now aren’t we?
M: Ben is a creep. 
A: Are you sure? He seems nice. 
M: I don’t want Ben to come.
A: I ran into Ben when I was buying a compute stick.
A: We talked for a while so I invited him. 
M: I talked to Ben for a while and it was awkward. 
M: Ben seemed too interested in what I was saying.
A: Sounds like he was having a conversation.
A: Should I uninvite Ben or something?
M: No, that would make it more awkward. 
A: Then there’s nothing I can do about it. 
M: I’m still upset.
A: I’m sorry
M: It’s fine. Just ask me next time before you end up inviting everyone from high school. 
A: Okay! I just want you to have a good time. I know you don’t like big things.
---
[February] 
A: Oh my god!
M: What?
A: I fucking love your hair!
M: February? Feb-ru-ary? What the fuck? 
A: What? 
M: When has there been an r in “February”?
A: There are two rs. 
M: Feb-ru-ary? I think i’ve been spelling it wrong my entire life. 
M: What the fuck. That’s so wrong. 
A: You’re so cute. 
---
[October]
[Ben?last-time-before-uninvited]
A: Is tumeric the yellow one? 
M: Is that Ben? He’s looking at us.
A: I don’t think that’s Ben. Just some random asian grom.
M: How many surfers do you see around here? That’s definitely Ben. 
A: Well we’re looking at him now aren’t we.
M: Let’s move and not stand here in the middle of the aisle. 
A: Wait I need some tumeric for dinner. Stop worrying about Ben.
A: I changed my mind. 
A: Don’t freak out. But that is definitely Ben. 
M: What is he doing here?
A: It’s a grocery store. He’s shopping.
M: He doesn’t have any groceries.
A: I’m sure it’s okay. It’s the middle of the day and we’re together.
M: I saw him at The Bean right after you invited him. 
M: Alice listen to me. 
A: Ben is being a bit weird.
A: It’s just a coincidence. 
A: It would nice to have a friend in the same neighborhood. 
A: Maybe you should just go talk to Ben.
M: I can’t believe how dismissive you’re being. 
M: I’m scared. 
---
[October]
[Ben-uninvited]
M: Ben is definitely following me.
M: I saw Ben at the gym and I know he doesn’t go there. 
A: Did you say hi to him.
M: Of course I didn't talk to him. 
M: I’m thinking about going to the police with this. 
A: You can’t go to the police about something that trivial.
A: We can uninvite him.
A: I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you about Ben.
M: Thank you. 
A: Tell me if you see him again.
A: I’m sure it’s okay.
A: I’ll make sure Ben doesn’t come to the party.re
[November]
[Birthday]
A: Hey! Welcome to the party birthday girl!
M: I really like how your costume turned out. 
M: Did you do work on your costume since I saw you last night? 
M: When did you start wearing that mask? 
A: I just finished it. It makes me mysterious.
A: Your dress is super cute. Very 20s.
M: Thank you, my girlfriend helped me pick it out. 
M: Wow the party looks ...
A: I worked hard to get it setup. I hope you like it.
M: I’ve already watched our guests pulling darts out of the wall. 
M: I promise I’ll get into the fray in a minute. 
A: Relax. This is your night Mira. Enjoy yourself.
[...]
M: I feel like there are some people here I don’t recognize. 
A: I showed you the guest list. And there are no plus ones.
M: There was a guy dancing in the living room I swear I don’t recognize. 
A: Was he wearing a mask? It’s probably just a good costume.
M: He was wearing a mask so I couldn’t tell who it was. 
A: I will go check him out. I’m sure whoever they are they’re just having a good time.
[...]
M: What happened? I heard the door slam. 
A: Don’t freak out. It was Ben.
M: I told you to uninvite Ben! 
A: I did uninvite Ben. He showed up anyways.
M: I never thought he’d turn out to be a bad ex after 4 years! 
M: What was he doing here? Are you sure you uninvited him? 
A: I’m sure I uninvited him. I didn’t ask why he’s here I just kicked him out.
M: I told you Ben was following me. 
M: It’s good to finally have proof I’m not crazy! 
M: Do you believe me now? 
A: I believe you. If you see Ben again let me know and we’ll talk to the police.
A: It’s okay now. We’re surrounded by all our friends and he’s gone.
[...]
M: You were really good at charades after a couple of drinks!
M: Was that a Vincent Price impression? 
A: I like having a crowd to perform for.
M: I know you don’t like lying. Even in games. 
A: Lying is easy when nobody knows who you are.
M: Alice! You’re more drunk than I thought. 
A: Come here my girl. 
[...]




[...]


[November] 
[day-after]
M: Allen shared some really cute photos from last night. 
A: I really don’t want to open my eyes right now.
M: I don’t even remember this photo being taken.
A: When was the photo taken?
M: I think it was after Jillian started posing with your mask. 
A: I need to see that photo now.
A: Did you upload this already?
M: I didn’t, Allen took this photo.
A: Where did you get this? Did Allen upload it anywhere?
M: You’re up very fast for someone very hungover. 
A: Just answer the question Mira!
M: I got a notification because Allen tagged me in this photo. 
A: Allen isn’t answering his phone.
M: Where are you going? 
A: I need to go into work. If Allen calls back tell him to call my cell.
[...]
[December]
[weird-alice]
M: Where have you been?
A: I had to get out of the house for a while.
M: We were supposed to do something today and I’ve been waiting for hours. 
M: You haven’t been answering your cell phone.
A: My phone is not working. Got hacked or something.
M: Is that true? You’ve been acting strange. 
A: You know I don’t like lying.
M: Okay can we go out now that you’re home? 
A: I’m sorry Mira I can’t.
A: I have to meet up with someone from work to get a report done.
M: You never do work things. I hardly even know what you do. 
A: I promise I’ll make it up to you. Next week we’ll go somewhere special.
A: Right now I have to run. I love you.
---
[December]
A: What the fuck were you doing at my work!
A: You can’t do that Mira.
M: I didn’t go to your work Alice. 
A: The security guard said some girl was hanging around the building and asking about me.
M: Alice, listen to me. 
M: I promise I didn’t go to your work. 
M: I gave you space like you asked. 
A: Stop fucking lying to me.
M: I don’t lie to you. 
A: I’ve always been clear that I’m not okay with lying. 
A: Haven’t I made it clear? 
M: I know you don’t like lying. I wasn’t lying I promise. 
A: I can’t be with you if I can’t trust you.
M: Don’t make this about me! You’ve been acting so strange. 
M: I never know where you are or when I’ll see you next. 
M: You’re hiding something from me Alice.
A: I need you to trust me. We aren’t going to work without trust.
M: You accused me of hiding your car keys last night. 
M: Is someone following you Alice?  
[...]
A: Let’s go back home to my family this Wednesday.
M: You never go home to see your family.
A: I want to! You always wanted to meet them right?
M: Why do you need to go see them this Wednesday? 
A: Wednesday is the first flight available.
M: You know I have work on wednesday.  
A: Fuck work I want to get out of this damn city with you.
A: I love you Mira. 
M: I haven’t heard you say I love you in a long time. 
A: I’m sorry. I do love you.
M: I love you Alice. 
---
[December]
[Wednesday]
M: Where the fuck is my girlfriend? Have you seen her Daisy? 
M: Or are you just a plant. Are you just a plant Daisy? 
M: I’ll get one of those breakfast burritos delivered and eat away my sadness. 
M: Why is my computer on? 
M: Was Alice here? She used my laptop for her email before she left.
M: Do you think I would be a bad girlfriend if I read her email Daisy? 
M: Holy shit. 
M: What could this guy want from Alice? 
M: Alice is meeting him on Wednesday? That’s today. 
M: Why didn’t she tell me about this! 
M: What is she hiding from me.
M: Alice loves me too much to lie to me like this. 
M: Even if things have been bad between us lately we still love each other. 
M: We still love each other.  
M: This must have to do with Alice’s old job. She never talks about it.
M: He keeps mentioning Black Wolf. 
M: It seems like he’s blackmailing her.
M: Alice can’t hide anything from me now. 
M: I can go to their meeting place and find out what he wants from Alice. 
M: They are meeting in thirty minutes. I can get there in time.
M: Why would Alice choose to meet at Mahaks.
M: I’ll bring the pepper spray that Alice made me get.
M: When Alice is okay I’m going to get so mad at her. 
M: I hope you’re okay Alice.
---
[December]
[Wednesday] 
















________________


























 Image result for husky hugging fox 























 http://i.imgur.com/4ovUfVD.gif 
 Image result for husky gif 





 Image result for husky fox 

I LOVE YOU


 Image result for husky gif 

 Image result for husky gif 

 Image result for husky gif 





:C