A: I’m so glad this time worked out for you. 
A: Are you normally free in the middle of the day? 
M: I had to get some stuff done so I took the morning off. 
A: Your hair looks really cute right now
A: Did you get a haircut? 
M: I cut my hair myself actually. 
M: I don’t think anyone’s ever complimented my hair before.
A: They were probably distracted by the rest of you. 
M: I can taste the cinnamon in your coffee! 
M: I hate it!
A: You hate cinnamon!
M: Love the smell hate the taste
A: Well then I have somewhere to take you. Have you been to Mahaks? 
M: No.
A: Their cinnamon bread is heavenly. You can smell it from down the block. 
A: Would you like to go there with me? It’s on the waterfront 
M: Today? I can’t, I have to get back to work. 
A: Next time?
M: You want the next time you see me to be smelling bread? 
A: I like connecting smells to feelings. You seem like a cinnamon type of feeling to me
M: And what’s that? 
M: You hate it? 
A: You think it’s dumb. 
M: Only a little.
M: A true sagittarius. 
A: Am I a sagittarius? I don’t look at that stuff
M: Hey so you know that old college friend I ran into at the grocery store yesterday? 
A: Allen? Or do you mean that blonde guy? 
M: No it was Allen. 
A: Is he in town? 
A: I thought he took that job in Utah
M: I did too. That would have been nice for me [laughter]. 
M: Well anyways we started talking. And met up for lunch today. 
M: He started telling me about this thing he’s trying to start.
M: He’s trying to generate digital photobooks from people’s archives.  
A: That’s really cool!
A: Could he do one of us? That would be pretty cute. 
M: That would be really cute. You’re pretty cute. 
M: Hey! What’s that for!
A: For being so cheesy!
M: As I was saying. He was talking about using people’s personality data to generate albums with stories
M: And he asked me if we wanted to be a tester for it
A: You don’t look happy about it
M: I said no. I’m not comfortable with it. 
A: You realize you can reconstruct personality data from your archives right? 
A: There are so many soulless drones in so many corporations who have access to that. 
A: Who already have enough of your information to construct a decent replica. 
M: I’m still uncomfortable with it. Just handing it over. 
A: Do you not trust Allen?
M: I said I’m not comfortable with it it’s not about Allen.
A: And? 
A: I don’t know why you brought it up then [...]
M: I won’t next time.
A: Fine.
A: We need to get triple sec as well.
A: It’s not going to taste right otherwise. 
M: Why not just shots and beer? It doesn’t need to be fancy.
A: I mean I wanted to do something nice for you babe. 
A: Plus people are going to be coming a long way for your birthday. 
A: We should at least try to impress them. 
M: You’re the one that insisted on making the guest list so long. Not me. 
M: You’ve always been better at planning these things.
A: You need to trust me more, it will be fun. 
M: How much is the triple sec?
A: Would you relax? It’s my present to you I’ll buy. 
M: Why did you even invite Ben anyways? 
A: Like I said trust me. We’re friends with him now aren’t we?
M: That’s easy for you to say but it’s still awkward for me.
A: Oh grow up. It’s been like 5 years since you two were a thing. 
A: Do you want me to uninvite him? I can. 
M: That would be even more awkward
A: I’m sorry
M: It’s fine. Just ask me next time before you end up inviting everyone from high school. 
A: Okay! I just want you to have a good time. I know you don’t like big things. 
A: Oh my god!
M: What?
A: I fucking love your hair!
M: February? Feb-ru-ary? What the fuck? 
A: What? 
M: When has there been an r in “February”?
A: There are two rs. 
M: Feb-ru-ary? I think i’ve been spelling it wrong my entire life. 
M: What the fuck. That’s so wrong. 
A: You’re so cute. 
A: Hey! Welcome to the party birthday girl!
M: Ah! I can’t believe they’re really all here.
A: I can’t believe you finally decided to show up!
A: Come on let’s get you into the fray.